Rok onboarding suggestions - small docs changes (#661)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/get-started/open-project.md

Launch the Unity Editor. It should automatically detect the project but if it doesn't, select **Open** and then select `gdk-for-unity-fps-starter-project/workers/unity`.

<%(Callout type="warning" message="
It will take about 10 minutes for Unity to load the Starter Project for the first time. In the meantime, 

> why not take a stroll on our [Games Blog](https://improbable.io/games/blog)?" )%>

Reviewer: worth mentioning that subsequent loads/opens of the project will not take as long

> why not take a stroll on our [Games Blog](https://improbable.io/games/blog)?" )%>

Reviewer 2: There's too many colourful messages and so very many warning messages (whatever is the latest thing we notice), so better to keep it as a `>`.
Also, no need for predictions on the future with "it will take". Keep it present simple as a universal fact ("it takes"). It makes the text stronger.
We say "open" a Unity project in the Unity Editor, rather than "load" a project.
```suggestion
>The first time you open the Starter Project in your Unity Editor, It takes about 10 minutes; it's much quicker to open after this. (While you are waiting, you could look at our [Games Blog](https://improbable.io/games/blog).)
```

Reviewer 2: Note to self - added to new PR

1. Open the **Navigation** window (Unity Editor menu: **Windows** > **AI** > **Navigation**).
1. Select the **Bake** tab, and then the **Bake** button.

> You can verify that the NavMesh has been baked correctly by navigating to **Assets** > **Fps** > **Scenes** > **FPS-SimulatedPlayerCoordinator**, and checking that Unity shows a Navmesh object (in most cases the logo will update to the below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can verify that the NavMesh is baked correctly by navigating to **Assets** > **Fps** > **Scenes** > **FPS-SimulatedPlayerCoordinator** and checking that there's a NavMesh object in the **Hierarchy** window. (The NavMesh object is usually represented by the icon below.)
```

A few bits and bobs here. The phrase "the below" is not so good English.  Also, it's worth saying where you can see the NavMesh object.

Reviewer 2: Note to self - added to new PR.

<img src="{{assetRoot}}assets/navmesh-fixed.png" style="margin: 0 auto; display: block;" />

> <%(Callout type="warning" message="

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
Remove warning because it's a sea of red otherwise.

> You may have a number of _warnings_ in the Unity editor console, which you can ignore at this stage. We recommend only showing info and error messages in the Console." )%>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> You may get a number of warnings displayed in the Unity Editor Console window. You can ignore the warnings at this stage, so you can use the message icons on the right-hand side of the Console window to set it to display only info and error messages.
```
Put as a simple `>`.
Warnings doesn't need to be italics.
Unity Editor Console window (note that's what it is called and all apart from "window" have upper case initials).

Reviewer 2: Note to self - added to new PR
